- Firstly I would like to say that this is a very very good problem haha I definitely spent a LOT of time on this with no result. I spent easily 10h+ on this. After the SysAdmin Test ends, I am very excited to know how this problem will be solved lol.

# What I did and what I tried
- I installed the Oracle Virtual Machine and the vuln.ova virtual machine and imported it in there.
- When I went to turn on the vm however, it gave me an error which was veryu confusing. After spending some time I just left it and after a while when I turned my laptop back on, it was magically working. After testing it on my friend's laptop again, restarting fixed that error somehow.
- So firstly I tried using some very obvious passwords like `password`, `password123` and so on. In hindsight this was useless as it wouldn't have made sense if it was gonna be cracked so easily.
- Then I just logged into the guest account. The instructions said that there would be a website hosted on the localhost of the vm. So I started finding out how to get the IP address of the VM to view the website. It was much later that i realized that i couldve just gone to 'localhost' url lol.
- To find the IP address I used the command `ifconfig` which wasn't alloewd as I didn't have root perms. Then I used the `ip addr` command to find the IP address which was `10.0.2.15` which is pretty much embedded into my brain at this point
- Then the user login page opened on that IP. I was initially quite confused on what to do. Then I just tried entering sample username and passwords which ofc didn't work. I then created a new account by signing up. I couldn't really find anything in there after making notes and stuff
- One more thing I realized was that the vm didn't have curl, python or basically anything which couldve helped me and I couldn't install anything either since I didn't have root perms to it.
- After that I kinda left this problem for a while cuz I didn't really have any clues on where to start. After a day or so, I started looking in the files on the vm. In the 'File System', it had a folder 'var' which had the folder 'www' in it. When I opened that (yes i opened all the other folders in there as well ;-;), it had lots of folders which seemed important to the website. 
- The 'api' folder had all the contents of the api which was working in the backend which I could see from the network tab on the browser. One by one I checked all the folders. The one folder which was the most interesting was 'database' which had two .sql files 'schema' and 'seed'. The 'schema' just had the SQL schema for the database but the seed had some very interesting contents. It contained a sample note which was just an HTML page for sampling and a user's data.
- The user's data had the 'username' as 'Piyush Bhai', ID as 1, Email as 'piyush@saic.com', a MD5 secured password, and the time the use was created. 
- After seeing the password I initially thought it was a JWT token as I didn't know what MD5 passwords were. But I kept on looking in the api files and there was a model folder as well from where there was a function to check if the password the user input was correct which used the MD5 encryption system. I googled it and found out that this method was apparently weak (or so it said), and I then tried cracking it using some online websites which didn't work, and I also tried running 'hashcat' on my Ubuntu system with a .txt file using `hashcat -m 0 hash.txt rockyou.txt`. Which also didn't work.
- Then I thought of using a fake JWT token by using the token I found in the cookies of the requests getting sent by the frontend to the api. I used that token and converted it from base64, and then I realized that this wouldn't work cuz I didnt have the signing key (yea im dumb idk why i thought this would work). In the JWT after decoding it, it had the encoder as 'HS256' and contained the info the user like its ID.
- After this I thought of using SQL Injection on the frontend and the API. I tried lots of combinations like the classic ' OR 1=1 -- thing where we try to get into any vulnerabilities. None of it worked no matter what I tried. I saw that the edit page used parameters for the id and a GET request meaning I could send that thru the browser itself. I tried injecting thru that but that didn't work either. 
- I spent a lot of time looking thru each and every file in the var/www/ folder. I was able to find 1 vulnerability in the get_key function in the usermodel but I looked in all files but that function was not used at all.
- I also tried running a js script in the 'title' of a new note but that didn't work. This just removed the <script> part in there and nothing else errors out. I hoped it did lol.
- I had also found an open SQL port which I figured was the one being used by the DB but I was unable to get into that either.
- I am out of options and this is the only problem which is pending for me. Im gonna keep trying just in case I am able to find something but if im not, ill end on the note that this was an amazing problem and I spent lots of stuff while trying to solve it
- UPDATE: Its 11:30pm and i couldn't find anything else in this lol this was an amazing question to try and hack into lol.